update the description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/obsolete-blazor-bind-data-grid-to-data-asynchronously: Readme.md

<!-- default badges end -->
# How to bind the Data Grid to a strongly typed collection loaded asynchronously

> You can bind the Data Grid component to a collection that is loaded synchronously and asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can bind the Data Grid component to a collection that is loaded synchronously or asynchronously.
```

![Data Grid: Data Binding Main Page](images/example-content.png)

> In this example, you can navigate between four approaches that allow you to bind the DxDataGrid to a asynchronously loaded collection:

Reviewer: Why do you say 'you can navigate between'? Why 'navigate'?

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, you can choose between four approaches that allow you to bind the DxDataGrid to an asynchronously loaded collection:
```

Reviewer: In this example, there are four options that allow you to bind the DxDataGrid to an asynchronously loaded collection:

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, there are four options that allow you to bind the DxDataGrid to an asynchronously loaded collection:
```

* [Data Property](./CS/DataBindingSamples/Pages/DataProperty.razor): Assigns a strongly typed collection to the [Data](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxDataGrid-1.Data) property and uses an asynchronous task to initialize the collection. The Data Grid page is rendered twice.

> * [DataAsync Property](./CS/DataBindingSamples/Pages/DataAsyncProperty.razor): Uses the [DataAsync](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxDataGrid-1.DataAsync) property to load a strongly typed collection asynchronously. Specifies a key data field to identify a data source instance.

Reviewer: `Specifies a key data field` What does?

Author: The approach.

```suggestion
* [DataAsync Property](./CS/DataBindingSamples/Pages/DataAsyncProperty.razor): Uses the [DataAsync](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxDataGrid-1.DataAsync) property to load a strongly typed collection asynchronously and specifies a key data field to identify a data source instance.
```

Reviewer: Ok

> * [DataAsync: Cancellation Token](./CS/DataBindingSamples/Pages/DataAsyncProperty.CancellationToken.razor): Uses the [DataAsync](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxDataGrid-1.DataAsync) property to load a data collection asynchronously and processes a cancellation token to prevent further execution for the already disposed Data Grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DataAsync: Cancellation Token](./CS/DataBindingSamples/Pages/DataAsyncProperty.CancellationToken.razor): Uses the [DataAsync](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxDataGrid-1.DataAsync) property to load a data collection asynchronously and processes a cancellation token to prevent further execution for the disposed Data Grid.
```
